docs: deploy langfuse for development (#347)
kyma-project/kyma-companion: docs/langfuse.md

> ## Local deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# LangFuse Local Deployment
```

> ### Set up Redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set Up Redis
```

> A local instance of LangFuse will bring it's own instance of `Redis` with some basic authentication setup. The password defaults to `myredissecret` (if you do not specify the env var `REDIS_AUTH`) and LangFuse will automatically use the database number `0` of that Redis instance (remember that it comes by default with 16 databases, 0 to 15).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A local instance of LangFuse brings its own Redis instance with some basic authentication setup. The password defaults to `myredissecret` (if you do not specify the env var `REDIS_AUTH`) and LangFuse automatically uses the database number `0` of that Redis instance (remember that by default, it comes with 16 databases, 0 to 15).
```

Reviewer: We could also link to LangFuse official docs in the first mention.

Author: Good idea, I will add this.

> If you also run a local instance of `Redis` for the `Companion`, you have two options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you also run a local instance of Redis for the Companion, you have the following:
```

> a) You let the `Companion` use the Redis instance that comes with Langfuse and addressing database `1` by adding these lines in your `config/config.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. You let the Companion use the Redis instance that comes with LangFuse and addressing database `1` by adding these lines in your `config/config.json`:
```
To double-check if I get it right: the Redis instance comes with LangFuse and database `1`? What is it addressing? Did you mean "corresponding"?

Author: LangFuse comes with Redis. Redis has multiple Databases, 0 to 16. We want to set the Companion to use database `1`.
1. You let the Companion use the Redis instance that comes with LangFuse and addressing database `1` by adding these lines in your `config/config.json`

```json
  "REDIS_PASSWORD": "myredissecret",
  "REDIS_DB_NUMBER": "1",

> ```

Reviewer: Please indent the code block.

> b) Setup your `Redis` instance which you usually use directly with the `Companion` to run on a different port like `6380` (default port for redis is 6379)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up your Redis instance directly with the Companion to run on a different port, for example, `6380` (the default port for Redis is `6379`).
```
with or in?

```
docker run -d --name redis -p 6380:6379 redis

> ```

Reviewer: Please indent the code sample.

> Then you set your `config/config.json` to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you set your `config/config.json` to:
```

```json
"REDIS_PORT": "6380",

> ```

Reviewer: Please indent the code sample.

> ### Deploy Langfuse locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy LangFuse Locally
```
